British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 3: Food, Shopping and Simple Requests.
Lesson 2: Food, Shopping and Simple Requests: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a vocabulary task about classroom.
Today you will practise language connected to classroom.
Target language: can/can't.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for food, shopping and simple requests. You will learn useful language connected to classroom and practise can/can't. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.